[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today will be
summarizing all 17 of the Marvel
Cinematic Universe films from 2008 up
until now to get you ready for Avengers
infinity or the only summary that I
don't have here is for the Black Panther
as it's currently not out on blu-ray so
I can't use it for summary purposes I am
releasing this video in two different
versions one that's in chronological
order based off of the year that the
film was released and another organized
by the title characters a link for both
as well as for the individual spoilers
will be in the cards above we also doing
giveaways now on Instagram so make sure
to check out at the end of the video to
find more details so let's get started
today we're talking about the 2008
superhero film Ironman
so let's get started the film opens with
genius billionaire and playboy Tony
Stark owner of Stark Industries a
weapons company and his friend
Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes
demonstrating a new Jericho missile the
demonstration is ambushed and Stark is
wounded and captured by a terrorist
group attend rings another prisoner
insin grabs an electromagnet into Tony's
chest to keep shrapnel shards from
reaching his heart the two prisoners
refused to build the Jericho missile in
exchange for freedom and instead build
an arc reactor power source and a suit
of armor to escape their plans are
discovered an instant sacrifices himself
while the suit is completed start
battles his way out of the cave burns
the terrorists weapons and crashes in
the desert destroying the suit after
being rescued by Rhodes Stark announces
that his company will no longer
manufacture weapons Obadiah Stane his
father's old partner in the company's
manager advises stark against this and
his home workshop Stark builds a sleeker
more powerful version of the armor suit
as well as a more powerful arc reactor
for his chest Stark is then informed
that his company's weapons were
delivered to ten rings and are being
used to attack Ian since home village
Stark also learns Dane is trying to
replace him as head of
company Stark uses his new armor and
saves the villagers while flying home
Stark is shot by fighter jets who
reveals his secret identity de Rodes to
end the attack meanwhile ten rings
gather the prototype suit and meet with
Stane who has the group executed state
has a massive new suit engineered from
the wreckage Stark sends his assistant
Pepper Potts to hack into stains
computer she discovers stains has been
supplying the terrorists and hired them
to kill Stark at the beginning of the
film Potts meets with agent Phil Coulson
of shield to inform him of staines
activities stains scientists cannot
duplicate Starks arc reactor sothank and
fronts Stark at his home and takes the
one from his chest Stark replaces it
with his original reactor Potts and
shield agents attempt her arrest stain
but he uses the suit and attacks them
Stark fights stain but is outmatched
without his new reactor the fight
carries stark and stained the top the
stark industry building and star
constructs Potts
to overload the large arc reactor
powering the building this unleashes a
massive electrical surge that causes
staining his Armour to fall into the
exploding reactor killing him the next
day at a press conference
stark puppy Liam it's to being the
superhero Ironman in a post-credits
scene shield director Nick Fury visits
stark at his home wanting to discuss the
Avenger initiative today we're talking
about the 2008 superhero film The
Incredible Hulk an important thing to
note is that there was a 2003 movie
called the Hulk which was not part of
the Marvel Cinematic Universe which this
film actually is also Edward Norton
plays Bruce Banner in this film however
Mark Ruffalo plays Banner in all the
subsequent Marvel films the film opens
at Culver University where general
Thunderbolt Ross meets with dr. Bruce
Banner the colleague and boyfriend of
his daughter Betty to discuss an
experiment that Ross claims is meant to
make humans immune to gamma radiation
the experiment fails and the gamma
radiation causes banner to turn into the
giant green Hulk whenever he becomes
angry enraged or excited the Hulk
destroys the lab injury
and killing several people inside banner
becomes a fugitive and the US military
in general Ross want to weaponize the
Hulk process five years later
banner works at a bottling facility in
Brazil while searching for a cure for
the Hulk condition collaborating online
with a man known only as mr. blue banner
uses yoga techniques to try to keep his
rage under control and hasn't
transformed in five months after cutting
his finger on the line and some blood
falling into a bottle an elderly man
gets gamma sickness from drinking a
bottle in Wisconsin
Ross uses that bottle the track down
Banner sending in a SWAT team led by
Emil Blonsky to capture banner banner
becomes the Hulk and defeats the team
Blonsky agrees to be injected with a
small amount of a similar serum to
banners which gives him enhanced
abilities but deforms his skeleton and
impairs his judgment Banner returns to
Culver University and reunites with
buddy who is now dating psychiatrist
Leonard Samson banners attacked again by
blonsky's team after Sampson gave him up
causing him to become the Hulk a battle
takes place outside the university and
Blonsky seems to be killed by the Hulk
who escapes with Betty after becoming
banner Betty and him go on the run and
banner contacts mr. blue who they meet
in New York City mr. blue is actually
cellular biologist dr. Samuel Sterns who
tells banner that he possibly has an
antidote but it only works after each
individual transformation and it is not
permanent CERN however has synthesized a
large amount of banners blood in hopes
of using it for medical purposes but
banner fears the military will use it
and wants to destroy the blood supply
meanwhile Blonsky is revealed to have
survived the battle and is completely
healed they try for a third time to
capture banner and are successful and
take betty to Blonsky orders turned to
inject him with banners blood which
Sterns
warns him will cause him to become an
abomination but Blonsky insists this
causes Blonsky to become a creature much
larger and stronger than the whole but
absolutely insane Polanski aka
abomination attacks turns causing him to
get some up banners blood into a cut on
his forehead causing stern to transform
as well this is a reference to the comic
book character the leader abomination
rampage
through Harlem and banner is able to
convince Ross to release him as the Hulk
is the only one who can defeat the
abomination after a large battle Blonsky
is defeated after a nice moment with
Betty The Hulk flees New York months
later Banner is in British Columbia now
able to transform into the Hulk in a
controlled manner in a local bar we see
Tony Stark approaching Ross telling him
that he is putting a team together the
film opens in Russia with a man named
Ivan Vanko seeing the revelation of Tony
Stark is Iron Man who begins building
his own miniature arc reactor we then
transition to six months later where we
see Tony Stark is using his Iron Man
suit for peaceful means refusing to sell
his designs the Palladium core of Starks
arc reactor however is slowly poisoning
him which is causing him to begin to
fear that Stark makes Pepper Potts the
CEO of Stark Industries and hires
Natalie rushman as his new personal
assistant while competing in the Monaco
historic Grand Prix Stark is attacked by
Benko who has electric whips powered by
his own arc reactor Stark Don's his new
mark 5 suit defeats Evancho but the suit
is damaged Vanko states that he wanted
to prove that Ironman is not invincible
after seeing the fight Starks rival
Justin Hammer helps break venko out of
prison to have him build him a line of
suits to beat start while at what he
believes to be his final birthday Tony
gets drunk while wearing the Iron Man
suit Tony's friend Lieutenant James
Rhodes played by a different actor than
the first film puts on a suit and tries
to restrain Tony Rhodes later takes the
suit for the purpose of the Air Force
Nick Fury the director of shield
approaches start revealing that his
assistant is actually Natasha Romanoff
aka Black Widow and that Tony's father
Howard Stark was one of the founders of
shield and that fury knew him personally
fury explains that bank his father
worked with Howard Stark to invent the
arc reactor but when vanko's father
wanted to sell it for profit Howard
Stark had him deported and was sent to
prison thus vanko's vendetta with Tony
fury gives stark some of his father's
old materials including plans for a new
reactor with the help of his computer
Jarvis Stark is able to make a new
reactor one that replaces the one that
is poison him
a weapons Expo hammer unveils Franco's
drones led by Lieutenant Rhodes in a
heavily weaponized Iron Man suit stark
arrives later in his mark six armored to
Warren roads but Vanko takes control of
both the drones and Rhodes armor and
attacks Iron Man
hammer is arrested and Romanoff and
Stark's bodyguard happy go after Vanko
within hammers factory Vanko escapes but
Rhodes regains control of his suit
together Rhodes and Stark defeat Vanko
into stones
Vanka seems to commit suicide by blowing
up his suit after a debriefing fury
informed Stark that because of Starks
difficult personality they would only
use Stark as a consultant not as a
member of shield Stark and Rhodes
receive medals for their heroism
in a post-credits scene SHIELD agent
Phil Coulson reports that the discovery
of a large hammer at the bottom of a
crater hinting at the hammer of Thor say
we're talking about the 2011 superhero
film Thor so let's get started the film
opens in 1965 ad were Odin the king of
Asgard is waging war against the frost
giants in their leader lafi to prevent
them from conquering the nine realms
Asgardian warriors defeat the frost
giants and seize their source of power
the film transitions to the present
where Odin's son Thor is preparing to
take over the throne of Asgard but is
interrupted when frost giants attempt to
retrieve their power source against
Odin's order Thor travels to confront
lafi accompanied by his brother Loki
childhood front Seth and a boarders
three Odin must intervene and the
fragile truce between the races is
destroyed Odin strips Thor of his powers
and exile him to earth as a mortal
accompanied by his hammer Mjolnir now
protected by an enchantment that allows
only the worthy to lift it Thor lands in
New Mexico where dr. Jane Foster
Darcy Lewis and dr. Erik Selvig find him
SHIELD agent Phil Coulson commandeer as
the hammer Thor attempts to retrieve it
but he finds himself unable to lift it
he accepts his exile on earth and
develops a romance with Jane meanwhile
locally he discovers that he's the
office unn
opted by Odin after the war ended Loki
seizes the throne why Odin is in a deep
sleep and offers lafi the chance to kill
Odin SIF and the Warriors three attempt
to return Thor from exile
Loki sends a massive war called the
destroyer to pursue them the destroyer
attacks and defeats the Warriors
prompting Thor to offer himself instead
Thor sacrifice proves him worthy to
wield Mjolnir the hammer returns to him
restoring his powers and enabling him to
defeat the destroyer
kissing Jane goodbye and vowing to
return he and his fellow Asgardian
sleeve to confront Loki Loki betrays and
kills Luffy revealing his true plan was
to destroy the frost giants world to
prove himself worthy to Odin Thor
arrives to stop Loki's plan and ends up
stranding himself at Asgard Odin awakens
and refuses to give Loki approval
prompting him to fall into an abyss on
earth Jane and her team search for a way
to open a portal to Asgard
in a post-credits scene Nick Fury is
selling to study a mysterious cube
shaped object the film begins in 1942
with Nazi officer Johann Schmidt and his
men entering into a German occupied
Norwegian town looking for a mysterious
relic known as the tesseract which is
said to have untold powers at the same
time Steve Rogers endless in the US
military
despite his various health and physical
problems with the help of his friend
Bucky and dr. Abraham Erskine Rogers is
put into an experimental super soldier
program and it is revealed that the Nazi
officer Schmidt underwent an earlier
version of this procedure having some
serious side effects
Rogers undergoes the procedure becoming
significantly more muscular and strong
back in Europe
Schmidt and dr. Zola begin to use the
power of the tesseract in order to try
to take over the world
Schmidt discovers dr. Erskine's location
and has amis hacen aided right after he
completed Rogers procedure Rodger
captures the assassin but the assassin
commits suicide in order to avoid
interrogation with Erskine dead the
super-soldier formula
lost with his new powers Rogers is sent
to tour the nation in a colorful costume
given the title Captain America and is
told to promote war bonds while visiting
Italy Rogers finds out that his friend
Bucky's unit went missing in a battle
against Schmidt's forces Rogers teams up
with a British agent Peggy Carter and
the engineer Howard Stark
whose side note is Tony Stark's aka Iron
Man's father Rodgers infiltrates the
fortress of Schmidt's Hydra organization
and frees Bucky and the other prisoners
Rogers battles against Schmidt who has a
Red Skull like face underneath his mask
giving him the title the red skull
Schmidt is able to escape and Rogers
returns the soldiers Rogers and the
soldiers attack several known Hydra
bases using advanced equipment supplied
by Howard Stark including a circular
shield made of vibranium a nearly
indestructible metal Rogers is able to
capture dr. Zola but during the capture
Bucky falls from the Train and appears
to be dead from dr. Zola's information
Rodgers locates the final Hydra base and
Rogers stop Schmidt aboard a plane from
using the tesseract to cause massive
casualties all over the world the
container for the tesseract is damaged
and Schmidt physically touches the
tesseract causing him to dissolve into
bright light
the tesseract falls and burns through
the floor of the plane into the ocean
Rodgers crashes the plane into the
Arctic in order to prevent the onboard
payload from possibly hurting anyone
else
stark recovers the tesseract from the
ocean floor and the wreckage and Rogers
are unable to be located sir Rogers is
presumed dead
Rogers awakens in a 1940s style hospital
room but soon realizes that something is
wrong and rushes out of the hospital
right into present-day Times Square the
shield director Nick Fury then informs
Rogers that he has been asleep for
nearly 70 years
in a post-credits scene we see fury and
Rogers discussing possible future
missions the wolf
the entire world gets started let's do a
quick rundown of the Avengers team Tony
Stark aka Iron Man he's a billionaire
genius that has no actual powers but
incredibly advanced technology that
helps him fight bad guys Thor aka pretty
boy from Asgard the god of thunder who
carries a hammer that cannot be moved
Bruce Banner aka The Hulk a scientist
that when he gets angry becomes a
massive green creature that is nearly
invincible Steve Rogers aka Captain
America a genetically enhanced man from
the 1940s that was frozen for 70 years
and is sometimes a bit of out of touch
with modern times Clint Barton aka
Hawkeye a new character to the modern
Marvel movie universe who does not have
his own individual movie and frankly no
one really cares about him
hawkeye's weapon of choice is a bow and
arrow but does not have any real
specific superpowers Natasha Romanoff
aka Black Widow
honestly safer maybe pretty boy Thor
she's the best looking member of the
offenders she also does not have her own
movie but I definitely watch it if she
did she's a highly trained former Soviet
spy who is a master assassin and
seductress Nick Fury while not an actual
Avenger he's the director of shield an
organization that is sort of like a
souped-up CIA that sometimes uses
superheroes the avengers work as a part
of shield now that we've explained who
is part of the team let's get to the
story the movie begins with Thor's
not-so-nice brother Loki Loki meets a
character called the other who is the
leader of an alien race known as the
Chitauri if Loki gets an object called
the tesseract from shield and gives it
to the other the other will give Loki an
army capable of taking over earth the
tesseract has been seen in quite a few
other Marvel movies especially in the
first Captain America movie I will be
doing a summary of those movies
explaining the history a bit more so
make sure to check them out the
tesseract is an infinity stone for more
in-depth explanation of what Infinity
stones are check out my guardians of the
galaxy movies
the main thing to know about the
tesseract is it's a cube of great power
and the other wants it so he can give it
to his master Thanos nearly all of the
recent Marvel movies at least on some
level have been influenced by Thanos but
we only have seen glimpses of him Thanos
is gonna be playing a big role in the
future and his desire to get his hands
on the Infinity stones is very important
loki breaks into the shield headquarters
and ends up capturing the tesseract as
well as mind controlling a good amount
of shield scientists including dr. Erik
Selvig the professor from the Thor
movies as well as Hawkeye Nick Fury
escapes this attack and works to get the
Avengers together which does take a bit
of convincing the mind controlled
Hawkeye ends up stealing iridium that is
needed to stabilize the tesseract while
at the same time
Loki makes a very loud and obvious
distraction Loki is captured by the
Avengers and taken to shield ship known
as the Helicarrier however the tesseract
is still hidden away from the Avengers
after some investigating the Avengers
learned that shield wants the tesseract
cube so they can weaponize it which
starts a big argument between the agents
of shield and the members of the
Avengers while arguing the mind
controlled Hawkeye and several others of
Loki's crew attacked the Helicarrier a
big fight breaks out Loki escapes and
Hawkeye is knocked unconscious which
breaks him from his mind control the
Avengers attempt to recover while Loki
puts the final parts of his plan into
action the still mind controlled dr.
Selvig has set up the tesseract on the
roof of a building in New York City
which he uses to open a massive wormhole
from the wormhole a giant army of
Chitauri pours in the same army that the
other promised to Loki for capturing the
tesseract a huge fight breaks out
between Loki's army and the Avengers the
US government attempts to use a nuclear
missile to destroy the whole city of New
York in order to prevent the attack from
spreading but Iron Man takes the missile
through the wormhole causing it to
detonate on the other side in a galaxy
far away
the explosion causes the wormhole to
close an Iron Man falls back to earth
Loki is defeated in a rather brutal way
by the Hulk and then Thor takes both
Loki and the tesseract back to Asgard
[Music]
the film opens with Tony Stark
remembering a New Year's Eve party in
1999 where he met scientists Maya Hansen
the inventor of extremists an
experimental regenerative treatment
which would allow recovery from
crippling injuries disabled scientists
aldrich killian offers them a place in
his company advanced idea mechanics but
stark rejects the offer humiliating
Killian many years later six months
after the events of the first Avengers
film Stark is suffering panic attacks
based on alien invasions meanwhile a
string of bombings occurs from the
terrorists known as the Mandarin stark
security chief happy is badly injured in
an attack which causes Stark to issue a
threat to the Mandarin who responds by
destroying Starr's home with helicopter
gunships
Maya Hansen who came to warn Stark who
survives along with Stark and his
girlfriend and CEO of Stark Industries
Pepper Potts stark begins to investigate
in order to find the Mandarin with the
help of a young boy named Harley Stark
discovers that the bombings were
actually caused by a jaded veterans
exposed to extremis which causes some of
the subjects to explode these explosions
are being used to cover up the flaws
with extremel drift Killian has been
manipulating intelligence agencies to
war lieutenant Rhodes the former war
machine now known as the iron patriot in
order to steal his armor
Harley helped Stark track down the
Mandarin to Miami and infiltrates his
headquarters Stark realizes however that
the Mandarin is actually an actor who is
hired to play a character and has no
idea that the recordings he's been
making had been used to show him as a
terrorist
Kilian reveals that he is truly the
Mandarin and he has been using the
extremest project to cure himself in
other veterans Stark is captured and
Killian injects pepper with the
extremists formula in order to get Stark
to fix extremities flaws and also to
save Pepper Hanson has a change of heart
and tries to stop Killian however
Killian ends up killing her Stark
escapes and reunites with Rhodes
covering that Killian intends to attack
the President on Air Force One Stark
saves some of the passengers and crew
but the president is captured and
Killian plans to kill him live on
television the vice president would
become the puppet president as Killian
says he will cure the vice president's
daughters disability Killian is traced
to a damaged oil tanker and Stark goes
to save pepper while road saves the
president Stark summons drone Iron Man
suits to provide air support to Rhodes
as he transports the president stark
discovers that pepper did survive the
extremis procedure but the oil rig
begins to collapse and she falls to what
seems like her death stark confronts
Killian and traps him in an Iron Man
suit sets to self-destruct but it fails
to kill Killian pepper who survived the
fall due to her extremities intervenes
and is able to kill Killian
Stark has Jarvis remotely destroy all of
his Iron Man suits as a sign of devotion
to pepper and the Vice President and the
actor pretending to be the Mandarin are
both arrested Stark is able to stabilize
peppers extremis effects and Stark has
the shrapnel near his heart removed he
throws his now obsolete arc reactor into
the sea saying that he will always be
the Iron Man in a post-credits scene we
see Stark waking up dr. Bruce Banner aka
the Hulk
[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2013 superhero film Thor the
dark world so let's get started in the
past for father of Odin clashes with the
Dark Elf Loki who seeks when we show up
and known as the aether on the nine
realms after conquering his forces Bors
safeguards the aether within a stone
column unknown to war mal Keith and a
handful of dark
escaped into suspended animation and
present-day Asgard Loki is imprisoned
for his war crimes on earth they as
Guardians learned the convergence a rare
alignment of the nine realms is imminent
at portals linking the worlds appear at
random in London dr. Jane Foster and
Darcy Lewis travelled to him banded
Factory where such portals have appeared
Jane is teleported into another world
where she is infected by the aether Thor
brings her to Asgard or Orden warns of
the aether heralds of catastrophe see al
Keith awakened by the Aether's release
attacks Asgard Laura's mother Frigga is
killed protecting Jane and the Dark
Elves flee Thor enlist the help of Loki
to use a portal to confront pal Keith as
Mel Keith draws a throw to Jane Thor
attempts to destroy it but fails while
Keith merges with aether and leaves Loki
is fatally wounded Thorin Jane discover
portal in a nearby cave and reunite in
London with Darcy and dr. Erik Selvig
they learned that Mel Keith's plan is to
restore the Dark Elves Thor of battles
mal Keith through various portals and
across multiple worlds until one portal
separated them leaving milky fun imposed
on earth Thorp returns in time to help
transport mal Keith away from Earth
where he is crushed by his own damaged
ship Thor returns to Asgard where he
declines Odin's offered to take the
throne and tells Odin of Loki's
sacrifice as he leaves
Odin his form transforms into Loki who
is alive and impersonating Odin an amid
credit scene we see the collector
collecting Infinity stones it is
revealed that the aether is an infinity
stone and Asgard has an infinity stone
name to tesseract
in a post-credits scene Jane and Thor
reunite on earth while frost monster
continues to run amok
the film takes place two years after the
events of the first Avengers film which
if you haven't seen check out my summary
Steve Rogers aka Captain America is
working for the government agency shield
under director Nick Fury Rogers and
agent Natasha Romanov aka Black Widow
are sent to save hostages aboard a
shield boat that has been taken over by
mercenaries Rogers discovers that
Romanoff has another job however to
extract data from the ship's computer
for fury Rogers confronts Fury later
about this where fury reveals a plan to
build three massive helicarrier's
equipped with advanced weaponry and spy
devices to try to preemptively destroy
any threat through a project known as
project insight fury however is unable
to decrypt the recovered data and become
suspicious of project insight fury is
later ambushed by a group led by a
mysterious assassin known as the Winter
Soldier Fury escapes and finds Rogers
telling him that Shield has been
compromised
after giving Rogers a flash drive
containing some data from the ship fury
is gunned down by the Winter Soldier
Fury later dies in surgery and Rogers is
called into the shield headquarters the
next day to try to find out what
information he was given when Rogers
refuses to give up the information
however he is hunted down by a group
known as strike Rogers meets up with
Romanoff and using the flash drive they
discover a secret shield bunker which
has a supercomputer containing the
preserved consciousness of dr. Zola one
of hydras leaders from the first film
dr. Zola reveals that Hydra has been
slowly infiltrating shield and
convincing the world to give up their
freedoms for a sense of security
allowing Hydra to become more and more
powerful a missile is fired at the
bunker which Rogers and Romanoff
narrowly escaped and the two realized
that Alexander Pierce shield senior
official is also hydras leader Rogers in
Romanoff enlists the help of Sam Wilson
aka Falcon the three find out that dr.
Zola developed an algorithm to identify
who might become a future threat to
Hydra and we use the insight
helicarriers and their massive weapon
arsenal to a
these threats the group is ambushed by
the winter soldier who Rodgers realizes
is actually Bucky Barnes his friend from
the first film Barnes was captured and
experimented on after World War Two and
became the Winter Soldier the three are
brought to a safe house where Nick Fury
is having faked his death for a plan to
sabotage the helicarrier's by replacing
their computer chips during an important
meeting Rodgers broadcasts hydras secret
plans to everyone at the shield
headquarters
Romanoff is able to disarm peers and
fury forces peers to unlock the database
so they can expose Hydra to the public
eventually Fury kills Pierce Rogers and
Wilson storm to helicarrier's and
replace their control chips but the
Winter Soldier destroys Wilson's flight
suit and fights with Rogers aboard the
third carrier Rogers is able to put the
new controller into the final ship and
shield uses this to have the carriers
destroy each other
Rogers refuses to fight the Winter
Soldier in order to reach out to his
longtime friend the ship they are aboard
crashes into the shield headquarters in
Rogers is thrown into a river
unconscious the Winter Soldier rescues
Rogers and disappears into the woods
showing Rodgers did reach out to his old
friend Bucky Rogers and Wilson decide to
pursue the Winter Soldier as the film
ends while fury goes to find the
remaining Hydra cells in Eastern Europe
there are two additional scenes during
the credits the first shows Hydra leader
Baron Strucker finding an energy filled
scepter the one that we see Loki use
during the Avengers film as well as two
prisoners one with SuperSpeed and one
with telekinetic powers these two are
siblings that we see in the Avengers
second film known as Quicksilver and the
Scarlet Witch who are also Magneto's
children the second scene shows the
Winter Soldier at a memorial for Bucky
Barnes who the Winter Soldier actually
is at the Smithsonian Institute
[Music]
Peter Jason quill aka star-lord shortly
after his mother's death in 1988 he is
kidnapped and raised by a group of space
pirates known as the Ravagers the film
opens on Peter stealing an orb which
takes place 26 years after his abduction
Peter is a goofy and charismatic
smuggler who is a bit of a jerk at times
and doesn't have any trouble with the
ladies remind you of anyone yonder
yondu is the leader of the Ravagers a
group of ruthless space thieves and
smugglers yondu raised peter after
abducting him bringing him into the life
of space crime yondu carries a special
arrow on his hip that he can control by
simply whistling working as a very
effective and deadly weapon after
hearing that Peter stole the orb in the
opening of the movie
yondu places a bounty on Peters head in
order to steal the orb for himself Nova
prime Ronnie ray out Nova prime is the
leader of the Nova corpse the central
good-guy government seen in the film
the Nova corpse home planet is Xander
which is also the same planet where
Peter intends to sell the orb that he
stole the Nova corpse is at war with the
Kree which is led by the fanatic Ronan
the accuser Ronan is the main antagonist
of the film and as a member of the Kree
race Ronan is a fanatic who defied the
treaty between the Kree and the Nova
Empire and is hell-bent on destroying
the planet Xander
Ronan wants the orb so he can trade it
to Thanos in order to receive Thanos aid
in the destruction of Xander Ronan's
primary weapon is a large hammer and
also has his own ship known as the dark
aster and a sizeable fleet
nebula nebula is the adopted daughter of
Thanos and the adoptive sister of Gamora
she is a cyborg and capable of repairing
herself and is loyal to Roman Gamora
Gamora is the adopted daughter of Thanos
and the adoptive sister of nebula at the
beginning of the film she is sent by
Thanos to aid Ronan and is tasked with
stealing the or Gamora decides to betray
both her father and Ronan and plans on
stealing the orb for herself to sell to
a buyer for an obscene amount of money
Gamora is a skilled and deadly warrior
though Peter does try frequently to
flirt with her Rocket Raccoon and Groot
rocket racoon is the result of illegal
genetic experimentation resulting in
rocket being a very intelligent and
skilled fighter and is also capable of
designing complex weapons and technology
it is a tree-like creature who is only
capable of saying
together rocket and Groot work as bounty
hunters and try to catch Peter for the
reward that yondu put on his head Drax
the destroyer Drax is an incredibly
powerful and strong fighter but he is
completely literal and has no
understanding of euphemisms social cues
or satire Drax's entire family was
killed by Ronan and vows to get revenge
and now on to the story after stealing
the orb Peter lands on the planet Xander
in order to sell the orb to his black
market dealer shortly after arriving
peter is intercepted by Gamora who wants
to steal the orb for herself Peter and
Gamora break into a fight when Groot and
Rocket identified Peter and noticed that
he has a bounty on his head
Groot and Rocket jump into the fight in
order to capture Peter themselves after
causing a considerable amount of damage
all four of them are arrested and sent
to the Clin a high-security outerspace
prison when they arrived at the Clin
Gamora explains the group that she was
going to sell the orb for a massive
amount of money after a bit of arguing
Peter convinces the team to work
together to break out of the prison and
split the earnings from selling your
while in prison they meet Drax whose
entire family was killed by Ronan and
wants revenge
Drax teams up with the main group in
hopes that he will have the opportunity
to kill Ronan the team devises an
elaborate plan involving disabling the
gravity of the prison and successfully
escapes afterwards they travel to meet
gamora's buyer on a massive floating
head known as nowhere nowhere is a CD
mining community with virtually no laws
Peter and Gamora meet up with the
collector there who reveals to them the
true purpose of the orb
my new friends before creation itself
there were 16 devotees then the universe
exploded into existence and the remnants
of the system were forged into
concentrated ingots in the Infinity
stone contains a massive amount of
energy and can only be wielded by beings
of superior power however one of the
slaves tries to take the stone in
defiance of him and explodes on contact
after realizing the stones importance
Kimora and Peter decide to take the
stone to the Nova Corps so could be kept
out of the hands of dangerous
individuals such as Ronan but while
Peter and gomorrah were dealing with the
stone in the collector Drax made contact
with Ronan in a foolish attempt to kill
him
Ronan arrives on nowhere with his entire
fleet and at the same time yondu his
track down Peters location and a huge
fight breaks out between all three sides
after a lot of shooting flying and
chasing eventually the team is defeated
and they lose the stone to Ronan Gamora
and Peter are left stranded floating in
outer space with only seconds to live in
a moment of desperation
Peter reaches out to yondu who ends up
saving them from the cold and oxygen
l'espace aboard the dark aster Ronan
who has now realized what the orb
actually contained decides to take the
Infinity stone for himself and places it
into his hammer fanless is furious at
Ronan's betrayal but Ronan vows that he
will destroy the planet Xander and
afterwards he will go kill thanos we now
go back to yondu ship were shortly after
recovering from the oxygen l'espace
Peter and Gamora interrogated by yondu
after some threatening and fighting
Peter convinces yondu in the Ravagers to
team up with the guardians in order to
get the stone back from Ronan the deal
is yondu and his men will help the
guardians so long as yondu gets the
Infinity stone when the battle is over
Peter contacts the Nova Corps on Xandar
to alert them of Ronan's attack and also
to let them know that the Rav endures
we'll be helping to protect the planet
Ronan ship arrives at the planet Xander
along with a massive fleet of Kree
fighter ships while the Rav endures and
the Nova Corps fight the fleet from the
outside
Peter Drax Groot and Gamora punch a hole
in the dark aster and enter in on foot
rocket on the other hand remains on the
outside of the dark aster in order to
help fight from his ship the Guardians
fight their way through the inside
defeating nebula and Ronan soldiers
eventually the Guardians reach Ronan
Aronian coupled with the power of the
Infinity stone clearly has the upper
hand it seems as though all hope is lost
for the Guardians however while
monologuing about his superior power
rocket crashes his ship through a window
hitting Ronan and causing the dark aster
to fall out of the sky as the dark aster
is plummeting to earth Groot creates a
protective wood ball around the group
which will kill him
but protect the others after the ship
crashes a huge wave of destruction
occurs crushing buildings and a good
portion of the city the group has
survived except for Groot but
unfortunately so did Ronan once again
Ronan being the high and mighty fanatic
starts monologuing about how you will
destroy Xandar Peter sees this as a
great opportunity to create a
distraction
some of these words Oh child things are
gonna get easier
Oh child things will get brighter bring
it down hard day are you doing
dance-off bro me and you come on
subtle take it back what are you doing
I'm distracting you big turd blossom
[Music]
Peter grabs the stone and the Guardians
all work together to utilize the power
of the Infinity stone and finally defeat
Ronan
[Music]
after Ronan is destroyed the Guardians
trapped the stone at a container only to
be immediately surrounded by yondu in
the Ravagers yondu takes the container
and leaves the Guardians as yonder is
leaving he mentions to one of his crew
how the rav endures were originally
hired to pick up Peter and bring Peter
to his dad this possibly could be a plot
point for the next movie
Peter reveals however that he switched
the container on yon dude giving onto a
troll doll while giving the real
infinity stone to the Nova Corps to be
locked away and protected as a reward
for their service the Nova Corps
expunges all of the guardians criminal
records aboard the ship we see that a
small twig from Groot that rocket had
saved actually turned out to still be
alive indicating that we will most
likely see Groot again the Guardians fly
off to start on some other new adventure
after the credits on know where we see
the collector still damaged and heard
from earlier being taunted by Howard the
Duck film opens with the Avengers
raiding a Hydra facility in sokovia
commanded by Baron Wolfgang von Strucker
who has been experimenting on humans
using the scepter previously wielded by
Loki they encounter test subjects Pierre
Joe and Wanda Maximoff who are
Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch as well as
apprehending Strucker and Loki's scepter
as a quick side note these are actually
the kids of magneto from the x-men
universe but due to licensing issues
they cannot refer to this stark and
banner The Hulk discovered artificial
intelligence within the scepters gem and
secretly use it to complete Starks
Ultron global defense program it creates
a sentient being who believes he must
eradicate humanity to save earth it
destroys Starks AI Jarvis and attacks
the Avengers at their headquarters
Ultron escapes with the sceptre and uses
the resources at the Hydra base to
upgrade his body and build an army of
robot drones having killed Strucker he
recruits the maximal siblings and sets
off to obtain Ron Conda vibranium the
Avengers arrive and attack Ultron but
the Scarlet Witch subdues them with
haunting visions the team goes into
hiding in a safe house reeling from the
visions Thor departs to consult dr. Erik
Selvig on the meaning of the apocalyptic
future he saw in his hallucination Nick
Fury arrives and encourages the rest of
the team not to break part and to form a
plan to stop Ultron meanwhile Ultron
forces the team's friend dr. Helen Cho
to use her synthetic tissue technology
together with the vibranium and the
scepters gem to perfect a new body for
him as Ultron
blows himself into the body The Scarlet
Witch reads his mind discovering his
plan for human extinction the Maximoff
siblings turn against ultron some of the
team fine ultron and retrieve the
synthetic body the ultron captures Black
Widow the team fight amongst themselves
while Stark secretly uploads Jarvis who
hid from Ultron inside the internet into
the synthetic body Thor returns to help
activate the body explaining that the
gem on its brow is one of the six
Infinity stones and was part of his
vision this vision and the maximal
siblings accompany the Avengers return
to sokovia
where Ultron has used the remaining
vibranium to build a machine to lift the
large part of the capital skyward
intending to crash it into the ground to
cause global extinction Banner rescues
Black Widow why The Avengers fight
Ultron's army fury and others evacuate
civilians Quicksilver dies when he
shields Hawkeye from gunfire an eventual
Scarlet Witch abandons her post to
destroy Ultron's primary body which
allows one of his drones to activate the
machine the city plummets
but Stark and Thor overload the machine
and shattered the landmass and the
aftermath the Hulk departs while the
vision confronts Ultron's last remaining
body later
The Avengers establish new base Thor
returns to Asgard stark leaves Hawkeye
retires and Captain America with Black
Widow prepared to train new Avengers an
amid credit scene we see Thinnes vowed
to retrieve the Infinity stones for
himself
hinting at the next Avengers film
oh and welcome to another episode of muy
spoiler alerts today we are talking
about the 2015 superhero film ant-man so
let's get started in 1989 scientist Hank
Pym resigns from shield after
discovering their attempt to replicate
his ant-man shrinking technology
believing the technology is dangerous
Pym vows to hide it as long as he lives
in the present-day PIMs daughter hope
van Dijk and former Protege Darren cross
have forced him out of his company Pym
technologies cross is close to
perfecting a shrinking suit of his own
diello jacket which horrifies Pym upon
his release from prison Scott Lang moves
in with his old cellmate Lois Lane
visits his daughter and his chastised by
his former wife and her police officer
fiance Paxton for not providing child
support unable to hold a job laying
agrees to join Louis's crew Lane breaks
into a house and cracks it safe but only
finds what he believes to be an old
motorcycle suit after trying the suit on
laying shrinks himself to the size of an
insect terrified by the experience he
returns the suit to the house but as
arrested on the way out
Pym the home owner visits Lang in jail
and smuggles the suit into a cell to
help him break out Pym manipulated Lane
through an unknowing Lewis and de
stealing the suit as a test and wants
Ling to become the new ant-man to steal
the yellowjacket hope and pen train Lang
to fight and control ants Pym warns Lang
that he could disappear into a subatomic
quantum realm like his wife the wasps
did if he overrides the suits regulator
they send him to steal a device from the
avengers headquarters where he briefly
fights Sam Wilson cross perfects the
Yellow Jacket and hosts an unveiling
ceremony at Pym technologies lang along
with the crew and a swarm of flying ants
and filtrate the building during the
event sabotage the company's servers and
plant explosives when he attempts to
steal the yellowjacket they are all
captured by cross who intends to sell
both the yellowjacket and ant-man
the Hydra Lanyon hope break free to take
out most of the Hydra agents although
one flees with a vial of crosses
particles and PIM is shot lang pursues
cross while the explosives detonate
imploding the building as PIM and hope
escape cross wearing the Yellow Jacket
attack slaying before laying is arrested
by PacSun cross takes blanks daughter
Haas at chiller him into another fight
Lang overrides the regulator and shrinks
to some atomic size the penetrate
crosses suit and sabotage it to strength
uncontrollably killing cross Lang
disappears into the quantum realm but
manages to reverse the effects out of
gratitude packs and covers forelegs to
keep him out of prison
seeing that laying survived the quantum
realm Tim wonders if his wife is alive
as well later Lang meets up with Luis
who tells him that Wilson is looking for
him and a mid-credits scene PIM shows
hope a new wasp prototype suit and
offers it to her in a post-credits scene
Wilson and Seif rogers have Bucky Barnes
in custody unable to contact Tony Stark
because of the Accords Wilson mentions
that he knows someone who could help the
film opens in 1991 with brainwashed
soldier Bucky Barnes aka the Winter
Soldier being dispatched by Hydra in a
base in Siberia to intercept a car
carrying a case of Super Soldier Serum
and also killing the vehicles occupants
the film transitions to present-day
approximately one year after defeating
Ultron in sokovia the Avengers are
chasing after Brock rumlow who stole a
biological weapon from a lab in Lagos
after some chasing rumlow blows himself
up with a suicide vest and Wanda tries
to displace the blast and ends up
destroying a nearby building killing
several Wakanda humanitarians the
Secretary of State informs the Avengers
that the UN is preparing to pass the
sokovia accords which ideally will make
the Avengers overseen by a UN panel the
Avengers are divided on the issue Tony
Stark feels that they do need some
oversight especially after he was
approached by a mother of a boy who was
killed an attack that the Avengers were
involved in Captain America however
feels that they will become puppets of
the government and the Avengers should
be
under their own supervision some
Avengers attend the signing of the
Accords in Vienna which are bombed and
many are killed including the king of
Wakanda security footage reveals the
bomber to be Bucky Barnes and the
wakandan Prince T'Challa
vows to kill Bucky Captain America
discovers Bucky's location and tries to
bring him in as they are childhood
friends T'Challa
also known as the Black Panther also
tracks down Bucky and a massive fight
breaks out in Bucharest and eventually
Captain America Bucky and the Black
Panther are all arrested a man who is
later revealed to be Helmut Zemo finds
Bucky's old Hydra handler and steals the
phrase book that is used to activate
Bucky's brainwashing Zemo is able to get
into the facilities where Barnes is held
and recites the words to activate Bucky
he then questions Bucky to find the
location of the other brainwashed super
soldiers he sends Bucky on a rampage to
try to cover his tracks
a fight breaks out and eventually Bucky
regains his senses
Bucky explains that Zemo was the real
bomber in Vienna and has disguised
himself as Bucky however the Avengers
don't get the approval to track down
Zemo so Falcon Bucky and Captain America
decide to pursue him along with the help
of Wanda Hawkeye and ant-man Stark puts
his own team together to recapture Bucky
and the rogue Avengers with Starks team
consisting of Black Widow Black Panther
war machine vision and spider-man a big
fight breaks out at an airport and
eventually Bucky and Captain America are
able to escape the others are captured
and sent to jail except Black Widow in a
war machine as paralyzed Stark finds
evidence however that szema was behind
the bombings and travels to where Bucky
and Captain America are heading they all
three arrived where the super soldiers
have been in stasis and discovers that
Zemo has shot and killed them all it is
revealed that zimos entire family was
killed in sokovia during the events of
the second Avengers movie and he has
been plotting to pit all the Avengers
against one another so they would
destroy each other this is when Zemo
reveals that back in 1991 when Bucky
killed the two people to get the
super-soldier formula that the two
people he killed were Starks parents the
enraged stark attacks both Bucky and
Captain America
and a big fight breaks out Bucky loses
his arm and Starks armor is disabled
Captain America having defeated start
leaves with the injured Bucky leaving
his shield behind Zemo satisfied that he
broke the Avengers apart attempt suicide
but is stopped by black panther as the
film begins to wrap up stark has shown
helping more machine with an exoskeletal
leg brace that allows him to walk again
Captain America breaks the captive
Avengers out of jail during a mid credit
scene we see Black Panther has forgiven
Bucky and gives him asylum and puts him
into cryostasis until they can reverse
his brainwashing in a post-credits scene
we see spider-man testing out a new
gadget from Stark with the phrase
spider-man will return on screen film
opens in Nepal where we see the sorcerer
Elias and his elet's entering into the
secret compound Kimura Taj and they
behead its librarian they steal a few
pages from an ancient text belonging to
the ancient one a long-lived sorcerer
who taught every student at Kumar Taj
including Callias in the mystic arts the
ancient one pursues the traders but they
escape in New York an acclaimed
neurosurgeon Stephen strange is badly
injured in a car accident
and is now unable to operate fellow
surgeons and his former lover Christine
Palmer try to convince him to move on
but strange pursues experimental
surgeries to heal his hands strange
learns of a paraplegic man who
mysteriously now has full use of his
legs strange is directed to kamar Tosh
where he is taken in by Mordo a sorcerer
under the ancient one the ancient one
demonstrates her powers too strange
revealing that there are a variety of
dimensions such as the mirror dimension
she agrees to train strange though his
arrogance reminds her of Callias strange
excels very quickly regaining use in his
hands studying under the ancient one in
Mordo and reading ancient books from the
library guarded by master Wong strange
learns that earth is protected from
other dimensions by three buildings
called sanctum with their locations
being in New York London and Hong
cawww all of which are accessible
through Kumar Taj it is the job of the
sorcerer is to protect the sanctums
strange reads from the same book that
kailia stole from learning to bend time
using the eye of agamotto morto and wang
warned strange against breaking the laws
of nature comparing it to chaos his
desire for eternal life Kaylee's uses
the stolen pages to contact a powerful
being Dormammu of the dark dimension
where time is non-existent Helius and
his forces destroy the london sanctum in
order to weaken Earth's protection they
then attack the New York sanctum killing
off its guardian
what strange is able to hold them off
using the cloak of levitation until
Mordo and the ancient one arrived
Mordo and stranger become disillusioned
however by the ancient one as they
discover that she has been using
forbidden magic from the Dark Dimension
to give her eternal life
Kayleigh as' is able to mortally wound
the ancient one and escapes to Hong Kong
the ancient one then tells strange the
he too will have to bend the laws of
nature in order to feed chaos strange in
morto arrived in Hong Kong to find
Master Wong dead and the sanctum
destroyed with a Dark Dimension taking
over Earth strange uses the eye of
agamotto to reverse time and is able to
save long and then strange enters into
the Dark Dimension to face Dormammu he
creates an infinite time loop with
Dormammu with Dormammu being unable to
escape after killing strange several
times and still unable to break the time
loop Dormammu agrees to leave earth and
take Kay leus and his followers with him
in order to break the time loop Marta
was disgusted with strange for breaking
the laws of nature and leaves
strange returns the eye of agamotto
touka Marta and moves to the New York
sanctum to continue his studies in a
mid-credits scene we see strange helping
Thor who brought his brother Loki to
earth in order to search for their
father and Louden the scene is actually
directly from the new Thor Ragnarok film
in the post-credits scene we see mortal
confronting the former paralyzed man
stating that Earth has too many
Sorcerer's hinting that Mordo might
become the next villain
[Music]
the film opens with Aisha the leader of
the sovereign race having the guardians
of the galaxy protecting her valuable
batteries from a massive monster in
exchange for Gamora sister nebula who
was caught trying to steal the same
batteries however rocket steals some of
the batteries for himself and the
sovereign attacks the guardianship with
a fleet of drones the drones are
destroyed by a mysterious ship however
and they crashed on a nearby planet a
man from the mysterious ship reveals
himself to be Peter Quill's father named
ego and invites quill Gomorrah and Drax
to his home planet while rocket and
Groot repair their ship and guard nebula
yondu and his crew are hired by the
sovereign to recapture the Guardians
yondu and his crew had been kicked out
of the Ravinder community for child
trafficking primarily referring to how
he trafficked Peter as a child they
capture rocket but yondu hesitates to
turn over quill and then yondu's
lieutenant taser face leads a mutiny
with the help of nebula after succeeding
taser face takes over and nebula leaves
to find and kill her sister Gamora
rocket and yondu bond and with the help
of Groot and crackling a yondu loyalist
they are freed and destroy the ship
but taser face is able to warn the
sovereign we transition to find that ego
is a god-like being known as a celestial
who manipulated matter around his
consciousness to create a home planet he
also created a humanoid form where he
can project his consciousness in order
to travel the universe and while doing
so he fell in love with quills mother
meredith eventually leading to her
pregnancy upon her death eagle hired
yondu to collect quill to bring him to
the planet but quill was never delivered
nebula arrives at echos planet to try to
kill Gamora but they come to an uneasy
alliance once they discover a cave
filled with skeletons ego then reveals
to quill that he actually planted
seedlings across the world which he can
Terra form into new extensions of
himself but can only be activated by two
Celestials he impregnated thousands of
women and had yondu collect all of their
offspring in hopes that they would
fulfill the role of the second celestial
when they failed ego killed them
explaining the cave filled with
skeletons
under egos influence will is forced to
help him activate the seedlings which
begin to consume every world but quill
fights back when ego reveals that he
actually killed quills mother due to the
distraction that she posed mantis he was
empathic servant grows close to Drax and
warns him of egos plans Gamora and
nebula lured of the plan as well just as
rocket yondu Groot and cracklin arrived
the sovereign drones also pursue them as
the Guardians tried to destroy egos
brain house in the planets core rocket
makes a bomb using the stolen sovereign
batteries and group plants the bomb on
the brain quill uses his newfound
celestial powers against ego distract
him long enough for the other Guardians
and mantis to escape the bomb explodes
killing ego and disintegrating the
planet yondu sacrifices himself in order
to save quill quill realizes that yondu
kept him hidden for so many years to
protect him from being killed by ego and
quill accepts Yonder was his true father
figure nebula chooses to leave and to
try to kill her father
Thanos by herself the guardians and
several Ravinder groups have a funeral
for yondu acknowledging his sacrifice
and accepting him as a Ravager again in
both the mid and end scene credits we
see several things including cracklin
trying to use yondu's telekinetic arrow
Ravinder leaders to caro board reuniting
with his ex teammates roots starting to
grow back to his normal size acting like
a stereotypical teenager aisha creating
a new artificial being to destroy the
guardians named atom
and lastly stanley talking to a group of
watchers about his experiences on earth
[Music]
following the events of the first
Avengers film Adrian Toomes in his
salvage company acquired alien
technology which they decide to make
into illegal weapons we transition to
eight years later where we find Peter
Parker already having worked with the
Avengers now going to school and
frustrated that he is not a full-time
Avenger Peter quits his school's
academic decathlon team to focus on
crime-fighting as spider-man one night
however Peters best friend Ned learns of
Peters secret identity Peter also
encounters tombs associate Jackson Bryce
aka the Shocker and Hermann Schulz who
are selling weapons to a
Oh criminal name Aaron Davis Peter saves
today this when a fight breaks out but
Peter is attacked by tooms who is in a
large a vulture like flight suit which
is the classic spider-man villain the
vulture Peter is rescued by Tony Stark
who is monitoring the spider-man suit
which Stark built and warns against
Peter getting involved with these
criminals anymore
later tooms kills Bryce and Schultz
becomes the new shocker Peter and Ned's
study the weapon left behind by tooms
crew and remove its Power Core Peter is
able to track the criminals to Maryland
so he hitches a ride with his Decathlon
team which are travelling to Washington
DC for their tournament Peter and Ned
are able to disable the Spider Man suits
tracker and enable the suits more
advanced features
Peter tries to stop tombs from stealing
from a weapons convoy but is trapped
inside one of the trucks and is locked
in a secure facility for the night which
causes him to miss the decathlon
tournament Peter discovers that the
Power Core the net is still carrying has
become unstable and leads to the whole
decathlon being trapped in an elevator
when the core explodes
Peter rushes in and saves his classmate
including his crush Liz back in New York
City Peter meets with a criminal Davis
that was seen earlier to find out tombs
location he arrives in the Staten Island
Ferry and Peter attempts to stop tombs
but the ferry is cut in half when a
weapon malfunctions and tooms escapes
stark arrives to save the passenger and
then berate speeder for his actions and
takes his suit Peter returns to school
and asked Liz to come with him to the
homecoming dance
on the night of the dance he learns that
Liz's dad as tombs tombs figures out
that Peter is really spider-man and
threatens Peter if he tries to intervene
with his plans Peter realizes that tombs
plans to attack the plane transporting
weapons from the Avengers Tower
Peter Don's his homemade spider-man suit
and intercepts the plane while fighting
tombs and it crashes on a beach they
continue fighting
Peter saves tombs his life from a deadly
explosion and then ties up tombs for the
police to find him after her father's
arrest lives moves away and Peter
declines an invitation to become a
full-time Avenger in favor of being a
student and a neighborhood superhero we
also find out that one of his classmates
who's been teasing him throughout the
film actually goes by the nickname MJ
hinting at a possible girlfriend and
love interest Sark also gives Peter back
his suit which Ambe walks in just as
he's putting on discovering Peters
superhero identity in a mid credit scene
we see toons in prison being questioned
about spider-man's real identity but
tooms denies knowing anything about his
secret two years after the Battle of
sokovia Thor has been unsuccessfully
searching for the Infinity stones and is
now imprisoned by the fire demon Surtur
search her reveals that Thor's father
Odin is no longer in Asgard and that it
will soon be destroyed in the
prophesized Ragnarok one Surtur unites
his crown with the eternal flame that
burns in Odin's wall Thor defeat Surtur
and claims his crown believing that he
has prevented Ragnarok Thor returns to
Asgard to find his brother Loki posing
as Odin Thor forces Loki to help him
find their father and with the
directions of dr. Steven strange on
earth they locate Odin and Norway Odin
explains that he is dying and his
passing will allow his firstborn child
hella to escape from the prison that she
was sealed in long ago hella had been
the leader of Asgard's army and
conquered the nine realms with Odin but
Odin imprisoned her fearing that she had
become too powerful
Odin dies and hella is released she
destroys Thor's hammer and when Loki and
Thor attempt to flee through the Bifrost
bridge she pursues them and forces them
out into space hello arise in Asgard
destroying its army and killing its
warrior three
she resurrects the ancient dead who once
fought with her including her giant wolf
Fenris and appoints the Asgardian
scourge as her executioner she plans to
use the Bifrost to expand as bird's
empire but Heimdall steals the sword
that controls the bridge and hides it
away with the rest of the citizens Thor
crash-lands on Sekar a garbage planet
surrounded by wormholes a slave-trader
scrapper 142 subdues him and sells him
as a gladiator Shekhar's ruler the grand
master with whom Loki has already come
to know Thor recognizes one-four-two as
one of the Valkyrie or a legendary force
of female warriors who were killed
defending Asgard from hella
a long time ago
Thor is forced to compete in the
grandmasters contest of Champions facing
an enraged Hulk Thor gets the upper hand
on Hulk
but the Grandmaster sabotages the fight
to ensure Hulk's victory still enslaved
Thor tries to convince Hulk in 1:42 to
help him save a scart but neither are
willing he manages to escape and finds
the jet that brought the Hulk to Sekar
Hulk follows Thor to the jet where a
recording of natasha romanoff makes him
transform into Bruce Banner for the
first time since sokovia the Grandmaster
orders 142 and Loki to find Thor and
Hulk but Loki forces her to relive the
deaths of her fellow Valkyrie at the
hands of Helena deciding to help Thor
she takes Loki captive unwilling to be
left behind
Loki provides the group with the means
to steal one of the Grandmaster ships
they then also liberate the other
gladiators who start a revolution
Loki attempts to betrays brother again
but Thor anticipates it and leaves him
behind Thor
banner and 142 escape through the
wormhole to Asgard where hellas forces
are attacking the citizens for the sword
that controls the Bifrost banner becomes
the Hulk again fighting Fenris while
Thor and 142 battle scourge and the
resurrected warriors Loki and the CICC
are gladiators arrived to help and the
Asgardian citizens board their ship
feeling regretful scourge sacrifices
himself to allow their escape
Thor facing hella losses his right eye
and then has a vision of Odin that helps
him realize that only Ragnarok can stop
her
while hella is distracted Loki locates
satyrs crown and places it into the
eternal flame searchers were born and
destroys Asgard seemingly killing hella
as the film concludes Thor the crown
King decides to take the rest of the
Asgardian citizens to Earth in a
mid-credits scene we see that they are
intercepted by a large spacecraft
presumably owned by Thanos
in a post-credits scene the Grandmaster
encounters a group of former subjects
who are still rebelling so that was the
spoilers for all the Marvel films up to
infinity war if you have another film
you'd like to see me spoil please let me
know in the comments below check out
movie spoiler alerts on our previous
forms of social media and check out our
Avengers giveaway on Instagram thanks
for watching